Okay,
guys on Welcome back.
So this is the code we just looked at in the last lecture.
So I'm just gonna delete down out of here.
I'm gonna scroll down again through private sub the basics.
And I am now going to steal this bit of coast.
I'm just gonna get control and see to copy it and come back up to here,
and I'm gonna hit paste.
Now,
here we are,
doing something very similar to the range object.
But this is called the cells objects.
I'm just gonna click here.
Just so we're in a different cell when we're going to step through there.
So again,
hitting f eight.
This is a subway.
Ron,
this is an ex Im occurred.
They were going to execute.
And this is sells one comma one dot select and notice what happens over here in Excel they
go.
So range a one has bean selected.
Now,
if you look at the remarks here,
it selects the cells down one road.
So the first number represents the road.
So one road down on one column across.
So buying any of the term that's a one.
And similarly,
if we FAA through this code.
We have selected the self that is five rows down,
the first number and one column across,
which is this column here.
So column one is a on row five is obviously Row five.
Now you can.
Also,
though it gets a little more complicated.
Select a range by state in range,
the first cell comma,
not a colon comma to separate the arguments on.
Then the second range so fierce.
F eight.
Here you can see that I have ranged from cells five rows down,
one column across a 52 cells separated by a comma,
14 rows down on one camera across close rackets.
Close brackets dot select has been selected.
You may be wondering why on earth you would need to different methods to do exactly the
same thing.
Well,
range is very simple to program because literally everyone knows the naming conventions of
the cells and excel.
So if somebody said,
Hey,
0.2 d three very quickly,
be able to point to d three.
But if someone said 30.2 cells 273 come at 14 perhaps that's not gonna be quite so simple,
but when you are using loops specifying the range by its cell row and column could be very
useful there.
Don't worry.
If you don't know what loops arcs,
we have an entire section dedicated Teoh loops and variables and all these kind of things
which you're going to come to in a little while.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.